# project-pitch
0926 Pitch

I would like to visualize the changing quality and quantity of public housing in the United States over time. The government publishes a yearly inspection score and other information about each public hoThe goal of the project would be both to inform readers and direct future reporting. The visual would be able to show, for example, which cities have particularly good or bad public housing, or where there has been large recent improvement or decline in quality or quantity. Additional reporting could explain why those trends show up in those places.using complex. My plan would be to map all of these complexes, use the area of circles to represent the number of units in each complex, and color to represent the inspection score. I would then animate this and provide a slider to control the year. 

If I have the time and ability, I would further like to map the public housing units that have been changed to an experimental HUD subsidy program designed to replace public housing called RAD. In this case, I would have to rethink the use of color, or possibly create a second map that did not track inspection scores. The biggest obstacle would be creating a database of all properties subsidized by RAD.

The goal of the project would be both to inform readers and direct future reporting. The visual would be able to show, for example, which cities have particularly good or bad public housing, or where there has been large recent improvement or decline in quality or quantity. Additional reporting could explain why those trends show up in those places.